Remove VCS urls pertaining to git protocol from docs (#7938)
pypa/pip: docs/html/reference/pip_install.rst

^^^

pip currently supports cloning over ``git``, ``git+http``, ``git+https``,
``git+ssh``, ``git+git`` and ``git+file``,  but note that the ``git``, ``git+git``,

> and ``git+http`` are not recommended due to their lack of security.

Reviewer: What is "their lack of security"? It'd help to be a bit more specific here (lack of TLS? insecure protocol? lack of any encryption?).

Further, I think we should be making this sentence into a [`.. warning::` directive](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/directives.html#directive-warning) instead, to better emphasize this, and draw attention to it.

Author: Changed to `Note that the git, git+git,and git+http are not recommended. (The former two use the Git Protocol. which lacks authentication, and HTTP is insecure due to lack of TLS based encryption)`

> (The former two uses `the Git Protocol.`_)

Reviewer: nit: language and period outside link (so that the text can be re-arranged around without needing to update the link-reference below)

```suggestion
(The former two use `the Git Protocol`_.)
```

Author: Fixed

Here are the supported forms::

    [-e] git+http://git.example.com/MyProject#egg=MyProject
    [-e] git+https://git.example.com/MyProject#egg=MyProject
    [-e] git+ssh://git.example.com/MyProject#egg=MyProject
    [-e] git+file:///home/user/projects/MyProject#egg=MyProject

Passing a branch name, a commit hash, a tag name or a git ref is possible like so::

    [-e] git+https://git.example.com/MyProject.git@master#egg=MyProject
    [-e] git+https://git.example.com/MyProject.git@v1.0#egg=MyProject
    [-e] git+https://git.example.com/MyProject.git@da39a3ee5e6b4b0d3255bfef95601890afd80709#egg=MyProject
    [-e] git+https://git.example.com/MyProject.git@refs/pull/123/head#egg=MyProject

When passing a commit hash, specifying a full hash is preferable to a partial
hash because a full hash allows pip to operate more efficiently (e.g. by
making fewer network calls).

> .. _`the Git Protocol.`: https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-on-the-Server-The-Protocols

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _`the Git Protocol`: https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-on-the-Server-The-Protocols
```

Author: Fixed.

^^^

pip currently supports cloning over ``git``, ``git+http``, ``git+https``,
``git+ssh``, ``git+git`` and ``git+file``.

.. warning::

>     Note that the ``git``, ``git+git``,and ``git+http`` are not recommended.
>     (The former two use `the Git Protocol`_, which lacks authentication, and HTTP is
>     insecure due to lack of TLS based encryption)

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
    Note that the use of ``git``, ``git+git``,and ``git+http`` is discouraged.
    The former two use `the Git Protocol`_, which lacks authentication, and HTTP is
    insecure due to lack of TLS based encryption.
```

Author: Fixed in latest commit
